hey it's Jimmy Kimmel you know I have
dreamed in being in a Huey Lewis of the
news music video since I was a teenager
and now it's time to happen here we
thank you for putting me in your video
well thank you very much Jimmy it's my
pleasure for all your help and all of my
friends I'd like to say thank you very
much for saving me a lot of money on
this yes really everyone did this is an
all-star video and now for your viewing
pleasure from the new album whether the
music video for her love is killing me
from Huey Lewis in the news
[Music]
[Applause]
I've quit drinking but I got the sake
[Music]
to talk
kidding me
[Music]
[Applause]
kidding me
[Music]